Move Smogon threads referenced in /faq to the CMS (#1589)
smogon/pokemon-showdown-client: website/pages/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions
<sup>(originally by [Relados](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/relados.148715/) and [Zarel](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/zarel.102803/); updated by [Blitzamirin](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/blitzamirin.101585/), [Kalalokki](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/kalalokki.199661/), Kasumi, [shnen](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/shnen.107178/), Sobi, [Finland](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/finland.517429/), [Vacate](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/vacate.189371/) and [verbatim](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/verbatim.93103/); converted to Markdown for the PS! website by [Annika](https://www.smogon.com/forums/members/annika.434112/))</sup>

## Staff and Disciplinary

### How do I become staff?

> ---

Reviewer: This seems like the wrong place for a divider bar. I would say no bars at all, but if you wanted to add them, they should be between questions rather than midway through them

Author: Oh, sure

To change the background, click on the settings cog in the top right corner, then click on "Change Background". You can choose one from there, or upload your own. Alternatively, you can download the extension "Stylish" which will change the whole look of Pokemon Showdown!

## Tiering

### What is Smogon?

Smogon is the most comprehensive and accurate online resource for competitive Pokemon battling, comprising strategy articles, guides, forums and its own simulator, Pokémon Showdown. Smogon's tiering is the basis for Pokémon Showdown.

### What do AG, Ubers, OU, BL, UU, BL2, RU, BL3 or NU stand for?

If you want to know more about a specific tier you can use the command `/tier [tiername]`; it will show you information about that format.

### What is the difference between Random Battle and Battle Factory?

Pokémon in Random Battles are randomly generated from PU and above, whereas in Battle Factory, all Pokemon from both teams will belong from the same tier, and movesets are competitive.

### What does GXE mean?

GXE stands for Glicko X-Act Estimate. The number shown is the estimated percent chance that a player has of winning against any other random player.

> ### What does COIL mean?
> 
> COIL is a system developed for suspect tests. Before banning a Pokemon, we host a suspect test. If you enter a suspect test your performance on the suspect test ladder will be kept separate from your original score on that ladder. To vote after the suspect test you must achieve a COIL of around 2700-2800. If you want to know more about COIL, have a look at [Antar's COIL FAQ](https://pokemonshowdown.com/pages/coil).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

COIL no longer exists.

### What is a suspect test?

A suspect test is a ladder where the tier is testing a specific move, Pokémon, or ability to see if it is overcentralizing or outright broken in a given mode. Reaching a specific COIL would allow a user to vote on the suspect test and have their opinion be calculated in the tiering results.

### What is a good moveset for x?

By using the `/smogdex [pokemon]` command you can find the updates analysis for any Pokémon of your choice, with an explanation on why the build is effective.

## Battles

### How do I find a battle?

> Click the Battle! button located on the homepage which will instantly search for a ladder match. To change to a certain tier simply click the bar under Format: and choose the one you want. To change your team click the bar under Team:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the "Battle!" button located on the homepage, which will instantly search for a ladder match.

The default format is Random Battle. You can choose a different format and team before clicking "Battle!".
```

### How can I battle my friend or a specific person?

> If you want to challenge a specific user, click their username and click Challenge. You can also type `/challenge [username]`, and then select the tier you want to play and choose the team you'd like to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to challenge a specific user, click their username or click "Find a user" in the Main Menu and type in their username. After that, click "Challenge", select the format you want to play, and choose the team you'd like to use.
```
